The world of Phantpaign, Lingguo in particular, has specific lore for how magic works in-universe. There also is a unique lifeform--Spirits--which significantly impact the culture of Lingguo.

# Spirits
Spirits are the second main lifeform that makeup the world. By default, most people can't see or feel them. They can only be perceived in certain circumstances, such as attaining enough power, a large amount of active spirits gathering together, or moments of strong emotion.

Sometimes, a person may suddenly find that they can perceive spirits without any outside help. Usually a great, life-altering event is the catalyst for this sharp rise in power, such as slaying a powerful foe in combat. In many communities, this is a cause for celebration, and is taken as a sign the person will become a great leader. For most however, this transition is an uncomfortable one, and usually an experienced mentor will help accommodate them to their new sense until they get a hold of things.

The distinction between all humanoids and spirits is that humanoids are naturally born with high amounts of Ki, and can progress their skills at a much faster rate than spirits. Spirits, in turn, easily live longer lifetimes compared to humans, and have an easier time accessing the energy that permeates throughout the universe. Many spirits try to attain "humanity," and cultivate their spiritual prowess to the point that they acquire a human form, thus having both the long life of a spirit and the prowess of a humanoid.

Basic spirits, with some exceptions, are usually confined to an area or item. They can not traverse from their area of origin, instead tending to hang about in the same area. Among spirits, information tends to travel purely by word of mouth for this reason.

# Ki
Ki, also known as Spirit Energy, Life Essence, Essence, or simply Energy, is the energy that every living being and organic substance possesses.
 
Anyone who dabbles with magic, supernatural, or fantastical abilities of some kind, is familiar with it at some level. It emanates from and runs through the blood of beings like oxygen might, and like oxygen, it exists in a cycle between the environment and the creatures that inhabit it. It is not fixed: It's quality may change depending on the person's mood, age, health, or even the weather. Monks may be familiar with it as the "Ki" they utilize in their techniques.
 
The Ki that is attached to a living being is what is most commonly utilized in spells, rituals, and divine rites. Every being's Ki tends to be unique--a result of each person's life being distinct and not quite like another's. However, people from the same community will have similar Ki, due to sharing lifestyles. In theory, two people who have the exact same lifestyle will have Ki with few differences between them, so it is not quite as unique an identifier as someone's fingerprints. If someone was trying to identify someone based off of their Ki, for example, they would not be able to tell a certain Energy reading belongs to someone without prior knowledge of their Energy's characteristics. It would be like trying to find a person of interest without being given a description of their appearance.
 
The amount of Ki a being has is not static. Assuming a person is getting everything necessary for survival, their Ki is constantly being used and refilled. More strenuous activities, such as casting spells, use it up at a faster rate or a larger amount at a time. With training, one can increase the rate they take in Ki and the pool of Ki within them. Through this training, a being may end up more in tune with their body and with finer control over it. For Spirits that become powerful enough, this culminates to the point that they can take on the form of another being.
 
If a being, whether Spirit or Human, becomes exceedingly powerful, they may become an [[Immortal]]. Many immortals exist and are worshipped throughout history. Most were long-lived humans or spirits that eventually acquired so much power and mastery over the Weave that they defied aging. [[High Elves]] are a specific kind of immortal.
 
Monsters arise when enough of an imbalance in Ki occurs in the environment. It is for this reason that protecting others cycles back to protecting yourself - You are maintaining the harmony of the community.
 
Ki is partly used in the casting of spells.

# The Weave
A combination of Ki and magic, a special kind of energy, constantly and cyclically throughout the world, a trait of the world having been woven into place. The magic that cycles throughout the world and is not attached to any individual is collectively known as The Weave. To fully tap into the underlying magic of the universe, is to manipulate it as [[The Weaver]] did when creating the world. Ki is used in the process of handling this magic. If magic is like water, Ki is the tool used to carry this water around.

# Magic
Most magic practitioners adhere to the same basic practice: Like a weaver attaches their thread to the needle, a caster must channel the energy of the universe, "attach" it to a "needle", and send it through The Weave. Each caster's spell, as a result of this "attachment," usually contains an essence of the caster itself. Attachment methods vary: The most powerful mages can control magic through sheer will, usually being [[High Elves]], [[Gods]], and [[Immortals]], sending the magic by imposing their very presence through the Weave with their Ki. Others get by through traditional spell focuses.
 
There is lots of overlap between utilizing magic and Ki, but the difference between the Ki techniques used in Martial Arts by Monks, vs the magic utilized by spellcasters, that martial artists tend to directly affect Ki in isolation, while casters utilize both the surrounding Weave and their own Ki.

> [!tip] Magic & The Weave
> All magic depends on the Weave, though different kinds of magic access it in a variety of ways. The spells of wizards, warlocks, sorcerers, and bards are commonly called arcane magic. These spells rely on an understanding—learned or intuitive—of the workings of the Weave. The caster plucks directly at the strands of the Weave to create the desired effect. Eldritch knights and arcane tricksters also use arcane magic. The spells of clerics, druids, paladins, and rangers are called divine magic. These spellcasters' access to the Weave is mediated by divine power—gods, the divine forces of nature, or the sacred weight of a paladin's oath.

Magic as a tradition and study has split into several different types of schools: The Threadworkers, the Conductors, and the Environmentalists.

## Threadworkers
The Threadworkers are the most ancient, complex, and perhaps archaic workers of magic. In many ways it may also be considered the purest form: The caster directly plucks at the fabric of magic itself when practicing magic. Through directly interacting with the threads that make up the world, casters have the greatest control over the effects of their spells. The most skilled Threadworkers are fearsome and awe-inspiring to watch, able to alter and control their surroundings at ease. To them, the universe is one magic tapestry, just as the Weaver created, able to be unwound and rewoven as they see fit. However, because of how potent this magic is, it has the greatest potential for things to go wrong. Stories exist of foolish and greedy casters causing their demise by damaging the threads of magic: Plants wither, animals waste away, and their own appearances turn scarred and grotesque. It is said that extreme damage to the threads can cause Frayed Threads to be born, the most fearsome lifeform of all.

## The Conductors
The Conductors place great priority on the tools and material objects used in magic. They believe that in the [[Qianpath]] creation myth, the magical properties of the World Tapestry are due to the magic intrinsic to the loom and threads themselves, not necessarily through the divine might of the Weaver. In Lingguo culture, it is said that gunpowder, paper, and the compass were all inventions of Conductors. Many are more familiar with them as the Artificers. They are experts at channeling magic through items, and many make a handsome living crafting spell foci. For some Conductors, crafting spell foci in itself is an art. Lingguo nobles are found of commissioning their own wands, engraved with intricate symbols and motifs, and able to cast complex strings of magic with just a flick of the wrist.

They tinker at whatever material vessel they see fit until it's able to grasp onto the threads and control them on a suitable level. Indeed, Conductors are masters at automating magic, akin to magical engineers and programmers of sorts. A Conductor equipped with a full arsenal of tools and gadgets commands great respect out of other spellcasters. For those familiar with programming, Conductors' items are akin to an integrated development environment (IDE): They are the interfaces that Conductors do their work through.

## The Environmentalists
Environmentalists draw from the world The Weaver created itself for magic. As Ki permeates every part of nature and the environment, it can naturally be drawn from and used in the process of spellcasting. Examples include manipulating plants and seeking wisdom from animals. Environmentalists have a refined sense of awareness with their surroundings, making them incredibly perceptive. The caster doesn't even necessarily have to be among nature for magic to work: Deserts and tundras, which are characteristically low on plantlife, can still be utilized by skilled Environmentalists. Their main drawback is their reliance on their surroundings: Should they be placed in an area of high pollution, their abilities will be weakened. Druids and Rangers are characteristically Environmentalists.